Update serverless faqs with RU cost (#15516)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-faqs.md

TiDB Serverless adopts a pay-as-you-go model, meaning that you only pay for the storage space and cluster usage. In this model, all cluster activities such as SQL queries, bulk operations, and background jobs are quantified in [Request Units (RUs)](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#request-unit). RU is an abstract measurement for the size and intricacy of requests initiated on your cluster. For more information, see [TiDB Serverless Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-serverless-pricing-details/).

### How can I view the RU costs for my SQL statements in TiDB Serverless?

> You can view both the Total RU and Mean RU cost per SQL statement in TiDB Serverless. This feature helps in identifying and analyzing RU costs, which can lead to potential cost savings in your operations. To check your SQL statement RU details, visit your TiDB Serverless cluster, navigate to the **Diagnosis** page, and then select the **SQL Statement** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view both the **Total RU** and **Mean RU** costs per SQL statement in [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless). This feature helps in identifying and analyzing RU costs, which can lead to potential cost savings in your operations. To check your SQL statement RU details, navigate to the **Diagnosis** page of [your TiDB Serverless cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) and then click the **SQL Statement** tab.
```

> You can view both the **Total RU** and **Mean RU** costs per SQL statement in [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless). This feature helps in identifying and analyzing RU costs, which can lead to potential cost savings in your operations. To check your SQL statement RU details, navigate to the **Diagnosis** page of [your TiDB Serverless cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) and then click the **SQL Statement** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view both the **Total RU** and **Mean RU** costs per SQL statement in [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless). This feature helps in identifying and analyzing RU costs, which can lead to potential cost savings in your operations. 

To check your SQL statement RU details, perform the following steps:

1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project.

2. Navigate to the **Diagnosis** page of [your TiDB Serverless cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters).

3. Click the **SQL Statement** tab.
```
